lex: add examples and add {Free,Net,Open}BSD pages (#11895)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/openbsd/lex.md

# lex

> Lexical analyzer generator.
> Given the specification for a lexical analyzer, generates C code implementing it.
> More information: <https://man.openbsd.org/flex>.

> - Generate an analyzer from a Lex file to the file `lex.yy.c`:
> 
> `lex {{analyzer.l}}`
> 
> - Write analyzer to `s`[`t`]`dout`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate an analyzer from a Lex file, storing it to the file `lex.yy.c`:

`lex {{analyzer.l}}`

- Write analyzer to `stdout`:
```
